http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LegalCase is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStatesCase
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballTeam is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballTeam is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FloweringPlant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Celebrity is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiArea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Convention is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicFestival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lieutenant is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsEvent is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WomensTennisAssociationTournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePresident is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archaea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballTeam is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Deputy is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VicePrimeMinister is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Muscle is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lighthouse is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ShoppingMall
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes is indiscernible from http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga
